\section{Introduction}


\subsection{Measuring Storage Resource Consumption}

% storeage resource intro
Measuring consumption of storage resources is distinctively different from
measuring consumption of batch jobs. Where jobs typically have exclusive access
to a set of resources (CPU cores) for a given amount of time, a storage
resource\footnote{The authors are well aware that storage systems are created
by pooling together disks, but this is transparent for the user, and typically
not used when accounting for resource consumption.} is almost always shared
among several parties, with each of these participants using a part of the
resource. Furthermore, the usage of each participant will vary over time, and as
data tend to be long-lived there is no fixed start and end time of the resource
consumption.

% integrals and spikes
To exactly measure the amount of consumed resource\ldots



\subsection{Record Structure}

The structure of the format described in this document can be split into
logical parts, each describing an aspect of the resource consumption. The parts
are:

\begin{description}

\item[Resource] Fields describing the system the resource was consumed on. Can
specify a certain subsystem of the storage system.

\item[Consumption Details] Fields describing what is consuming the data. E.g.,
storage classes, number of files, directory path, etc.

\item[Identity] Fields describing the person or group accountable for the
resource consumption.

\item[Resource Consumption] Fields describing how much of the described
resource has been used.

\end{description}

Please note that this organization, is not directly reflected in record format.
It is merely a good mental model to have in mind.

To see examples of records, see Section~\ref{sec:record-examples}


\subsection{Including Additional Information}

It is allowed to add additional fields with information in the record, e.g.,
for more accurate description of the data that has consumed the resources.

It should be avoided to add personal identity or group information in any
additional fields, as that makes automatic removal of identity information
impossible.

